So now that you've had some time
to work with grid a little bit,
see a couple of things demonstrated here.
Now it's time to apply this to
the web page that we were working on,
sort of as an isolation first, and
then you're going to incorporate it
into the homepage of the website.
So let's start with 12A,
we're in chapter 12 now,
that's all of the files
are available up on GitHub.
And if you take a look
inside of the website for
the course,
you'll see the instructions here for
this part of the course and
what you need to do and so forth.
So what we've got here
first is the mosaic grid.
So one of the popular things that people
are doing these days is taking a bunch of
images or perhaps portrait and orientation
and landscape and orientation, and
they're putting them together in
some kind of cool looking layout.
And so we've done that here with
the pop art collection of images,
and this is what it should
look like here on desktop,
you see the layout of all
of these images here.
This is something that we wouldn't
be able to achieve with Flexbox.
Before we were just put
a series of images rows,
now we need to think about
this in two dimensions.
So this is how I'd like it
to look here on desktop,
it will actually work just
fine as well on tablet.
And then when we go to a mobile layout,
this is the way that it's going to look,
we're gonna pile these
on top of each other.
So in this first exercise, what I'm gonna
need for you to do is to first of all,
of course, repeat what I just showed you,
take your figures and your figure
captions and get them to overlap each
other, write the code to do that.
And then what I'd like for you to do is to
write the grid layout here for desktop.
Get all of the images here,
looking great in this one document in
isolation and get it working on mobile.
So that will be step number one.
Once you have that in place, if you
still have a little bit of extra time,
then I'd like you to go to
the homepage of the website, and
I'd like you to drop in pop art.
So we're gonna take out
the collections layout that we did,
then just had everything row by row, and
we're gonna drop in this pop art
layout in the web page instead.
If you wanna keep the collections
part of the homepage and
just add on the pop art piece of this,
that's totally okay too.
So when you put together your code for
the first part of this challenge,
the 12A mosaic grid by itself, think about
the code that you used in this homepage.
So you probably wanna set
this up as a section.
You probably wanna set up the HTML
accordingly to match kind of what we did,
what we're gonna now apply grid for
the layout instead of using Flexbox for
our particular layout.
Then you're gonna need to bring those
styles that you write in isolation for
the mosaic portion 12A
part of this challenge and
incorporate that into the home page.
That to sort of raise the level
of look here in the homepage
that we've been working
on throughout the course.